# The Story Portal 2022 Build

## Narrative
Dr. Ezra Marcel, a world renowned British scientist of African descent, is heading to a conference on time travel when his airship is attacked by pirates. He fights them off, destroying their airship, but not soon enough to avoid a fatal blow to his. He crashes on the beach, his body broken and with minimal food and water. All he can think about as he withers away is the husband and daughter he has left behind. The only thing that keeps him going are the old photos and letters he has brought with him on his journey.

After nearly a month stranded, bloodied and broken, dying of starvation and dehydration, a male fairy visits him. The fairy feeds him a potion found only from the mouth of a dragon. The fairy feeds him the potion, breathes his breathe into the doctor, and as quickly as the fairy appears, he is gone, never to be seen again. The moment Dr. Marcel consumes this potion, his wounds heal, he is energized and rises bursting with ideas for new inventions. The world around him opens up into a psychedelic wonderland and he sets to work to build a new universe at his new found unchosen home.

He becomes obsessed with creating the fairy who saved his life, but he always falls short. He is unable to capture the magic of him and the moment. He experiments in his laboratory with other animals, creating them into mystical steampunk creatures, builds robots and even manages to build a time machine. But the life saving fairy remains elusive . In hopes of understanding the magic of this fairy, he continues to consume the psychedelic potion that he has harvested after slaying a dragon, furthering his spiral into madness.

He spends time out of the lab in his office, flipping through photos and watching films of his family. He has also built a typewriter that can speak, through letters, with loved ones who have died. He corresponds with his deceased parents, a fellow scientist and best friend who perished in an accident while they were experimenting with time travel, and his scientific mentor and role model who took him under his wing when he was merely 15 years old. He also journals and sketches about his harrowing journey that has landed him on the beach.

During his time on the beach, he has successfully mastered the secret to time traveling into the past. He conjures his life stories through his steampunk time machine, The Story Portal. With his new invention and psychedelic wonderland steaming away, he spends much of his days and nights enchanting others to join him to conjure their life stories.
